This project is MUSIC PLAYLIST MANAGER.
Q. What are the pre requsites needed to build this project?
1.Data types
2.Variables
3.Conditional statements if-elif-else
4.Loops
5.Functions
6.File handling
7.Exception handling
8.Modules (Pandas, os, time)
9.Relational operaters (>, <, <=, >=, ==)
10.Logical operaters (and or not)
11.String methods and functions(len, .lower(), .str())
12.format string literal(letting us insert variables directly in the print())
13.Two types of file .csv and .txt
14.to_csv() function to convert playlist to csv file
15. using with open() for .txt files
16.file.write() to put content in the file.
17.list named files=[]
18.list methods .endswith(), .append()
19.the .isdigit() method for invalid inputs
20.file.readlines() method to read all the content
21..strip() function
22.using os.listdir() to list all folders or file present in the directory
23.enumerate() function is used to add index(counter) to the items while iterating through the loop
24.itertuples() method is used to iterate through rowsand return a tuple like object.
25.using .sleep() method from time module for better user interaction causes a delay of specified seconds.
26.using .drop() method to remove specified row from the dataframe
27. .index() to update index after dropping
28.reset_index() method is used to reset the index of the playlit after dropping/removing drop= true to avoid adding old index.
29.using ascending to sort the content in playlist.

Q. what is directory? - it is a folder/location in a file system that is used to store files and subdirectories

GENERATE PLAYLIST MAIN FUNCTION 
-should be able to generate a list of songs(playlist) 
-through MOOD, GENRE, AND ARTIST
-should Filter the songs from dataset accordingly
-filtering songs by user input and comparing it from the dataset 
-eg: for mood we created a function assign mood it uses 2 feature columns from the dataset i.e. energy and valance and assign mood bed on the values of energy valance creating a new temporary column in df
-now from the selected mood by the user it compares the temporary column created in the df and then filters the songs
-similarly for track genre compare the genre entered by users and searches that genre in the column
-same for ARTIST

SAVE PLAYLIST
-asks for the file/playlist named
-asks for file format csv or txt
-saves playlist in the current working directory i.e. spotify project

DELETE SONGS
-aks user if they want to delete any song from playlist
-asks user at which position of song they want to delete
-uses drop and reset to remove the song ad reset the index so that old index it not counted in playlist

SHOW PLAYLIST
-Displays the list of playlists available